changelog (#2332)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Zowe CLI package will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - Enhancement: Added support for running applications on TSO/E address spaces. Applications can be started, receive messages and transmit messages [#2280](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2280)

Reviewer: Thoughts on rephrasing the second sentence to clarify how you can start apps and send/receive messages?
For example:

```suggestion
- Enhancement: Added support for running applications on TSO/E address spaces. Start applications and receive/transmit messages using the new `tso start`, `tso receive` and `tso send` commands. [#2280](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2280)
```
